X-Ref in Docstrings (#11118)
astropy/astropy: docs/glossary.rst

*************
Term Glossary
*************

.. glossary::

   Unit_like

>       Must be an `~astropy.units.UnitBase` object or a string parseable by

Reviewer: Maybe
```
Must be an `~astropy.units.UnitBase` instance or a string or other instance
parseable by `~astropy.units.Unit`.
```
Partially for hyper-correctness: logarithmic units are not `UnitBase` instances... And we may end up deciding to interpret units from other unit packages.

Author: https://github.com/astropy/astropy/pull/11118/commits/72ba5228d00abd0c7d48c5cce588e9ac034a0991 implements this change

.. currentmodule:: astropy

*************
Term Glossary
*************

.. glossary::

   Unit-like
      Must be an `~astropy.units.UnitBase` instance or a string or other instance
      parseable by `~astropy.units.Unit`.

   Quantity-like
      Must be an `~astropy.units.Quantity` (or subclass) instance or a string
      parseable by `~astropy.units.Quantity`. Note that the interpretation of
      units in strings depends on the class: ``Quantity("180d")`` is 180 days,
      while ``Angle("180d")`` is 180 degrees.

>    angular-Quantity-like

Reviewer: Wouldn't `Angle-like` be more logical?

Author: Yes.

      :term:`Quantity-like`, but interpreted by an angular
      :`~astropy.units.SpecificTypeQuantity`, like
      :`~astropy.coordinates.Angle` or ~astropy.coordinates.Longitude` or
      :~astropy.coordinates.Latitude`.

>    distance Quantity-like

Reviewer: I'd vaguely prefer `length-like`

      :term:`Quantity-like`, but interpretable by
      ::~astropy.coordinates.Distance`.

   frame-like
      A :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` subclass instance or
      a :class:`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` (or subclass) instance or a
      string that can be converted to a Frame by
      :class:`~astropy.coordinates.sky_coordinate_parsers._get_frame_class`.

   coord-like
      A :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` subclass instance or
      a :class:`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` (or subclass) instance.

   coord-like scalar
   coord scalar
      a :term:`coord-like` object with length 1.

   coord-like array
   coord array
      a :term:`coord-like` object with length > 1.

>    ColDefs-like

Author: The only importance to the order is presentation preference. I agree this should be moved lower.

>    ColDefs-like

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure ColDefs deserves to appear in the glossary. 
It's not critical but it's a pretty obscure type that imo doesn't need to be here.

>    ColDefs-like

Author: I get rid of this glossary term by swapping for the more general ``-like``. Any term that doesn't merit its own glossary entry can use this.

   frame-like
      A :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` subclass instance or a
      string that can be converted to a Frame by
      :class:`~astropy.coordinates.sky_coordinate_parsers._get_frame_class`.

   coordinate-like
      A Coordinate-type object such as a
      :class:`~astropy.coordinates.BaseCoordinateFrame` subclass instance or a
      :class:`~astropy.coordinates.SkyCoord` (or subclass) instance.

   table-like
      An astropy :class:`~astropy.table.Table` or any object that can
      initialize one. Anything marked as table-like will be processed through
      a :class:`~astropy.table.Table`.

   time-like
      :class:`~astropy.time.Time` or any valid initializer.

   buffer-like
      Anything that implements Python's buffer protocol. See
      https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/buffer.html#bufferobjects

   writable file-like object
      In the context of a :term:`python:file-like object` object, anything
      that supports writing with a method ``write``.

   readable file-like object
      In the context of a :term:`python:file-like object` object, anything
      that supports writing with a method ``read``.

>    Base HDU
>       The fundamental HDU data structure.
>       Defined in ``astropy.io.fits.hdu``.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   HDU
      Header Data Unit, the fundamental container structure of the FITS format
      consisting of a ``data`` member and its associated metadata in a ``header``.
      Defined in ``astropy.io.fits.hdu``.
```
I am putting this up for discussion as a suggestion to put a functional explanation here. It is unfortunate that Xref cannot insert a link to the actual documentation page, but nonetheless I assume just explaining what a `HDU` is (which pretty much every user of the format will have or should have heard of) is more useful. Having it defined in the `_BaseHDU` meta-class is a purely internal implementation detail, which most users will never be aware of, since the class is private.
@saimn what do you think?

Author: Alternatively...  I've been looking at the numpydoc backend and it appears that we can instead xref to a `:ref:` in the docs. I don't see a good place in the docs (maybe somewhere in https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/io/fits/index.html), but were

```
Header Data Unit, the fundamental container structure of the FITS format
consisting of a ``data`` member and its associated metadata in a ``header``.
Defined in ``astropy.io.fits.hdu``.
```

in the docs with an RST link, we could skip on adding to the glossary.

Reviewer 2: Yes, I guess we could have a small subsection at the beginning of "Getting started" in https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/io/fits/index.html explaining what a HDU is. There is currently a sentence which is similar to the enhanced version from @dhomeier:
> An HDU (Header Data Unit) is the highest level component of the FITS file structure, consisting of a header and (typically) a data array or table.

Reviewer 3: The best summary (and the main documentation section on it) imo is still [hdus.rst](https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/io/fits/api/hdus.html); if linking this as a `:ref:` works now, great!

Author: WIP. almost ready to push 🤞 .

Author: got it working. My one reservation is that astropy has deleted itself from the inter-sphinx mapping. A potential followup would be to link to the HDU page in a project-agnostic manner by going through an inter-sphinx mapping. This is more friendly to downstream projects as they won't have to remap the HDU link in their own conf.py.

Author: Added as comment in #11555

Author: <img width="862" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-16 at 00 30 11" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8949649/115094567-00edff80-9eec-11eb-8e4d-5f59e43554e3.png">

It works!

Author: @dhomeier, look good?

Author: The font is a little different between the numpydoc xref links and the direct ReST links. I can fix this in a followup. Fiddling with a CSS file.

Reviewer 3: Great, thanks! I could not even spot any font differences in Safari.
The plural in the original caption of hdus did not make much sense to me, so I took the opportunity to correct that as well.

Author: @dhomeier. I implemented the suggestions below, thanks!
